Yes,I think so as if they find both male and female have almost equal skills then they prefer hiring a female to maintain the ratio of males and females in their organisation. 

Company prefer the qualified students. But yes in some case, they prefer female over male but in rare case only if both have equal abilities. This may be good in sense that female unemployment can be decreased and they have their own job that they don't need to depend on male's money. But might not be fair for male one, because they also have their family and dream to be fulfilled. 

Not all companies prefer hiring females over males during on-campus recruitment. But some companies select equally deserving females over males. It is not that any female candidate is selected without focusing on her skills. Instead, only if she is competing against a male with similar skill set then she may have a slight advantage. 

No, I don't think so companies prefer hiring female over male during oncampus recruitment. Any company tries to maintain a balance between its male and female workforce and  they  hire female candidate only when they have required skillsets. Fair  recruitment process  always take place, skills matter not gender. 

Yes, companies prefer hiring female over male during on-campus recruitment. Yes , it is fair to do so to empower women and maintain a good  ratio of women in IT industries also. But it disappoints men who do the hardwork day and night to get better on-campus placements.

I do not think that companies prefer hiring female over male. During the on-campus recruitments, I have just observed that companies hire the people that fits into their requirement criteria for the job. During the first rounds of assesments I think sometimes (rarely) some companies select equal number of male and female candidates for further rounds, in such cases I think it's unfair for the male candidates since the number of males are more, but after the further rounds they only recruit the ones perfectly fit for the job on the basis of talent regardless of their gender. 

I don't think this is a correct statement. Any company tries to maintain a balance between its male and female workforce. We can obviously crack jokes regarding a company preferring a female candidate, but in reality, I find no logical reason to think a company would feel a need to give preference to female candidates. 

No, most companies prefer both, They are selected based on their performance and skills. However, some companies are discriminatory and want to recruit more females than males, which is not fair. 

Yes, companies do prefer female candidates over male or as they say diversity hiring which in turns leads to unfairness as in campuses like in mine male to female ratio is 15:1 which creates a further poor impact on placement drive as male candidates often fail to land up in good companies and due to this the ratio of 15:1 changes to 60:40 in corporate sector. 

Companies look for overall talent in a candidate but gender diversity of a firm also plays a huge role nowadays so whenever there is a clash of seat between equally eligible male and female candidates the latter is generally given preference to. I personally think it is not fair to do so because a lot of eligible candidates loose there moral and confidence after being rejected because of gender based hiring. 

Some of them prefer females over male students while some of them don't. Hiring females is mostly seen in the IT sector but less in other areas, There should be a gender ratio balance however quality should also be seen rather than just quantity. 

I have had experience of on campus internship recruitment process and have surely felt that companies do prefer hiring female over men and looking at the gender ratio in engineering college I feel its fair to do so. 

This is not fair because of that the man also do lots of hardwork according to me who will do work hard those get the job. 

Yes, Companies prefer women which results in demotivation and inequality among all students. Constitution in itself prefer for Equalit in opportunity then why they discriminate, Prefer on the merit basis. 

Yes, This is not fair in my opinion because companies should recruit the students on the basis of their talent  and skills. Just like apple only recruits a girl student every year and so with Google and Adobe. 

Yeah they obviously do, they call it diversity hiring to encourage career in engineering for women but due to that many other deserving and skilled candidates don't get selected which a serious issue. 

Yes this happens especially in case of Microsoft like recently with Microsoft engage program. This is not fair, You can reserve some positions for girls but shouldnt be providing preference to girls only. Boys and all other genders are equally eligible for the same positions also they can even work/perform better than girls in many situations so this should be considered for a change. 

I think in the name of Gender equality, unfair advantage is given to female candidates in a lot of fields. Though this advantage was necessary in the past when opportunities were less, but nowadays everyone has a lot of opportunities. Giving preference to female candidates is wrong as is disregards the fundamental principle of gender equality. 

Yes, I think it's unfair to do so as it doesn't support equality among men and women. I think there is already enough opportunities that have been created for women due to reservation policy for University education etc. Students should be selected based on their skill rather than their gender. 

Yes, it's fair because many female didn't get chance . 

Companies do not prefer hiring females over males, infact there are startup companies and a few other MNCs as well which only hired males. It is not fair and everyone should be given an equal chance. 

Yes, it is not fair, In this fast economic world we should give equal opportunity to everyone without bias. If we not give equal opportunity then it is not euqality. We should forward one step towards equality both male and female are equal in this fast growing world. 

I think female are given an edge over male during on-campus recruitment under the banner of women empowerment to showcase a rise in female participation. 

No this is totally unfair, This is the violation of gender equality. Let's say a male student prepared for 6 months of DSA and he has better grasp on concept are getting a competition from a female who has moderate preparation, this is a full cheating with these boys. Not only these ,in our society as well we can see the transition from male dominance society to female dominant. We still not achieved the concept of true  gender equality. 

Yes of course they do, 1 Adobe only take female candidates- although it is not mentioned that only female candidates will be chosen but during on campus placement they only short list girl students, 2 Google Step internship- only for women internship, 3 De shaw also give one of it's internship to girls only. I strongly believe that it is better to give jobs to deserving candidates rather than reserving candidates. both should get equal opportunity based on their skills and not based on their gender. 

Depends on companies some do prefer, some dont. No its not fair to do so. Gender equality in the workplace is important not only because it is "fair" and "the right thing to do," but also because it is linked to a country's overall economic performance. 

Companies usually don't do any discrimination. However, to promote female candidates some companies sometimes start recruitment drive that is only for female. 

To some extend it is a good way to ensure that female candidates get hired. However, companies that come for female-only hiring is a bit too u fair in my opinion. 

Only some companies prefer doing so,they don't prefer girls over boys but both girls and boys equally in 1:1, This is fair because they do so to maintain gender diversity. 

The companies don't prefer hiring females over males it is just that they have some seats for females which doesn't mean that males are not hired which provide a bit greater opportunities to girls although the questions asked in interviews and test everything stands same for both males and females and the females hired are equally competent since the procedure is same for both males and females. 

